Update README.md (#7)
T-J-Summer/Final-Project: README.md

---
## Introduction

#### What are the project requirements?

> This project has a set of requirements I have listed them below and will review them at the end of the project in order to show how I have completed them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project has a set of requirements. I have listed them below and will review them at the end of the project to show how I have completed them:

- Use a dataset of a minimum of 1000 records.
- Provide evidence of data validity (explain the source of the data)
- Utilizing a minimum of 3 data technologies, e.g., [Plotly](https://plotly.com/python/), [GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en), [Google Docs](https://support.google.com/docs/topic/9046002?hl=en-GB&ref_topic=1382883)
- Make Pull Requests reviewed by other team members
- Use data visualization: a minimum of 5 different types of data visualization from a minimum of 2 libraries, e.g., [Plotly](https://plotly.com/python/), [Matplotlib](https://matplotlib.org/stable/index.html)
- Document the project with a Readme
- Use some statistical or machine learning analysis, e.g., Linear regression Clustering or Classification
- Comment code blocks to explain their purpose
- Present the project using [slides.com](https://slides.com/)
```

> - Use a dataset of a minimum of 1000 records.
> - Provide evidence of data validity (explain the source of the data)
> - Utilizing a minimum of 3 data technologies, e.g., plotly, GitHub, Google Docs
> - Make Pull Requests and request code some reviews from my teacher
> - Use data visualization: a minimum of 5 different types of data visualization from a minimum of 2 libraries, e.g., Plotly, Seaborn, Matplotlib, Google Sheets
> - Document the project in a Readme
> - Use statistical and machine learning analysis, e.g.:
> Linear regression
> Clustering
> Classification
> - Hypothesis testing
> - Comment code blocks to explain their purpose
> - Present the project using slides.com
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
